docs: correct low MTU troubleshooting language (#17468)
coder/coder: docs/admin/networking/troubleshooting.md

If a network interface on the side of either the client or agent has an MTU
smaller than 1378, any direct connections form may have degraded quality or
might hang entirely. `coder ping` will indicate if this is the case by inspecting

> network interfaces on both the client and the workspace agent.

Reviewer: this can go in as-is, but I think we can improve it with:

~~~suggestion
might hang entirely.

Use `coder ping` to check for MTU issues, as it inspects
network interfaces on both the client and the workspace agent:

```console
$ coder ping my-workspace
...
Possible client-side issues with direct connection:

 - Network interface utun0 has MTU 1280 (less than 1378), which may degrade the quality of direct connections or render them unusable.
```
~~~

> If another interface cannot be used, and the MTU cannot be changed, you may need

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If another interface cannot be used, and the MTU cannot be changed, you should
disable direct connections and relay all traffic via DERP instead, which
will not be affected by the low MTU.
To disable direct connections, set the
[`--block-direct-connections`](../../reference/cli/server.md#--block-direct-connections)
flag or `CODER_BLOCK_DIRECT` environment variable on the Coder server.
```

Reviewer: these suggestions are starting to feel a little chaotic. if you're cool with this change, let me know and I'll just push a commit to replace LL101-103

Author: yeah, sounds good, push away.

> to disable direct connections, and relay all traffic via DERP instead, which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
